Simplify guidance in Banner a11y (#789)
primer/design: content/components/banner.mdx

### Feedback Banners

Banners that are used to communicate feedback require extra accessibility considerations to ensure they are immediately perceived by assistive technology users.

Consider using either a **live region announcement** or **focus management** technique:

* **Live region announcements**: can be used to announce the new content to screen reader users. This method may be the preferred method for non-critical information (**with exceptions**).

> * **Focus management**: involves shifting a user's focus directly the new Banner. This method is disruptive when used inappropriately, but is extremely helpful in scenarios where we need to guide the user towards an action (**with exceptions**).

Reviewer: A link to the exceptions or an indication that these exceptions will be mentioned later in the doc would be helpful.

Here are some questions to consider when deciding which method to use:

#### Will the user be blocked if they miss the Banner?

If a user is blocked from proceeding if they miss the Banner, moving focus is usually preferred over a live region announcement.

> A prime example of this is an error banner shown that appears after a form validation, such as [interactive error summary](https://primer.style/ui-patterns/forms/overview#interactive-summary-of-errors). Moving focus directly into the error banner allows all users (including screen reader users, zoom magnification users, and sighted keyboard users), to immediately perceive the feedback and take the necessary action to resolve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A prime example of this is an error banner that appears after a form validation, such as [interactive error summary](https://primer.style/ui-patterns/forms/overview#interactive-summary-of-errors). Moving focus directly into the error banner allows all users (including screen reader users, zoom magnification users, and sighted keyboard users), to immediately perceive the feedback and take the necessary action to resolve the issue.
```

A prime example of this is an error banner shown that appears after a form validation, such as [interactive error summary](https://primer.style/ui-patterns/forms/overview#interactive-summary-of-errors). Moving focus directly into the error banner allows all users (including screen reader users, zoom magnification users, and sighted keyboard users), to immediately perceive the feedback and take the necessary action to resolve the issue.

This is because focus loss can result in some screen reader users being taken back to the top of the page and be disorienting. This is a [WCAG 2.4.3 Focus Order](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/focus-order.html) issue.
If the banner communicates non-critical information (e.g. a success banner) that wouldn't block a user if missed, a live region announcement is sufficient.

#### Does the Banner contain an action?

> If the Banner contains an action, placing focus on the newly shown Banner is preferred over a live region announcement so that a screen reader user can immediately interact with the action without having to manually locate it.

Reviewer: Unless this guidance changed, I would keep it in.

> If a user triggers an action that results in the element that they were were on being removed from the DOM, then focus management is required. This is mostly relevant in SPA/React where elements in the DOM are replaced, resulting in focus loss.

Reviewer: This paragraph sounds like it's covering where focus is placed when the banner is dismissed. It may not be, but it's a bit vague. We might need an example or a tie back into the section title here.

Author: Thanks Chelsea! I added an example, hope it helps!

> If a user triggers an action that results in the element that they were were on being removed from the DOM, then focus management is required. This is mostly relevant in SPA/React where elements in the DOM are replaced, resulting in focus loss.

Author: ```suggestion
If a user triggers an action that results in the element that they were were on being removed from the DOM, then focus management is required. For example, let's say that a user activates a `Save` button successfully, and the section of the page they were on gets replaced by new content. The removal of the `Save` button from the DOM will result in the user's focus getting lost.
```

> Focus loss can result in some screen reader users being taken back to the top of the page and be disorienting. This is a [WCAG 2.4.3 Focus Order](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/focus-order.html) issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Focus loss is disorienting, especially when some assistive technology users are unexpectedly taken back to the top of the page after performing an action. This is a [WCAG 2.4.3 Focus Order](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/focus-order.html) issue.
```

> If the Banner appears as part of the new content on the page after a user experiences focus loss, then it may be an appropriate focus target. 

Reviewer: We should clarify but not when the page content changes or we go to a brand new page

> If the Banner appears as part of the new content on the page after a user experiences focus loss, then it may be an appropriate focus target. 

Author: ```suggestion
If the Banner appears as part of the new content on the page after a user experiences focus loss, then it may be an appropriate focus target. This does not apply to scenarios where the user is navigated to a completely new route.
```

> If the Banner appears as part of the new content on the page after a user experiences focus loss, then it may be an appropriate focus target. 

Author: ```suggestion
If the Banner appears as part of the content that gets swapped in after the user experiences focus loss, then it may be an appropriate focus target. 
```

> If the Banner appears as part of the new content on the page after a user experiences focus loss, then it may be an appropriate focus target. 

Author: ```suggestion
If the Banner appears as part of the content that gets swapped in after the user experiences focus loss, then it may be an appropriate focus target.
```

### Feedback Banners

Banners that are used to communicate feedback require extra accessibility considerations to ensure they are immediately perceived by assistive technology users.

Consider using either a **live region announcement** or **focus management** technique:

> * **Live region announcements**: can be used to announce the new content to screen reader users. This method may be the preferred method for non-critical information (**with exceptions**).

Author: ```suggestion
* **Live region announcements**: can be used to announce the new content to screen reader users. This is the preferred method for non-critical information (**though exceptions apply** such in scenarios where focus loss needs to be handled).

> * **Focus management**: involves shifting a user's focus directly the new Banner. This method is disruptive when used inappropriately, but is extremely helpful in scenarios where we need to guide the user towards an action (**with exceptions**).

Author: ```suggestion
* **Focus management**: involves shifting a user's focus directly the new Banner. This method is disruptive when used inappropriately, but is extremely helpful in scenarios where we need to guide the user towards an action.
```

Here are some questions to consider when deciding which method to use:

#### Will the user be blocked if they miss the Banner?

If a user is blocked from proceeding if they miss the Banner, moving focus is usually preferred over a live region announcement.

A prime example of this is an error banner that appears after a form validation, such as [interactive error summary](https://primer.style/ui-patterns/forms/overview#interactive-summary-of-errors). Moving focus directly into the error banner allows all users (including screen reader users, zoom magnification users, and sighted keyboard users), to immediately perceive the feedback and take the necessary action to resolve the issue.

If the banner communicates non-critical information (e.g. a success banner) that wouldn't block a user if missed, a live region announcement is sufficient.

#### Does the Banner contain an action?

> If the Banner contains an action, placing focus on the newly shown Banner may be preferable over a live region announcement especially if the action helps unblock/guide a user within a current flow. This ensures the user can immediately interact with the action without having to manually locate it.

Author: ```suggestion
If the Banner contains an action, placing focus on the newly shown Banner may be preferred over a live region announcement, especially if the action helps unblock/guide a user within a current flow. This ensures the user can immediately interact with the action without having to manually locate it.
```

#### Where is a user's focus when the banner appears?

If a user triggers an action that results in the element that they were were on being removed from the DOM, then focus management is required. For example, let's say that a user activates a `Save` button successfully, and the section of the page they were on gets replaced by new content. The removal of the `Save` button from the DOM will result in the user's focus getting lost.

Focus loss is disorienting, especially when some assistive technology users are unexpectedly taken back to the top of the page after performing an action. This is a [WCAG 2.4.3 Focus Order](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/focus-order.html) issue.

If the Banner appears as part of the new content on the page after a user experiences focus loss, then it may be an appropriate focus target. This does not apply to scenarios where the user is navigated to a completely new route.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

#### Still unsure?

Many scenarios are nuanced, and can be tricky to figure out the appropriate path forward for. These benefit from additional feedback from assistive technology users.

If you're unsure about which technique is appropriate for your usecase, please reach out to the Accessibility team who can help find a path forward.
```

#### Will the user be blocked if they miss the Banner?

If a user is blocked from proceeding if they miss the Banner, moving focus is usually preferred over a live region announcement.

A prime example of this is an error banner that appears after a form validation, such as [interactive error summary](https://primer.style/ui-patterns/forms/overview#interactive-summary-of-errors). Moving focus directly into the error banner allows all users (including screen reader users, zoom magnification users, and sighted keyboard users), to immediately perceive the feedback and take the necessary action to resolve the issue.

If the banner communicates non-critical information (e.g. a success banner) that wouldn't block a user if missed, a live region announcement is sufficient.

#### Does the Banner contain an action?

If the Banner contains an action, placing focus on the newly shown Banner may be preferred over a live region announcement, especially if the action helps unblock/guide a user within a current flow. This ensures the user can immediately interact with the action without having to manually locate it.

#### Where is a user's focus when the banner appears?

> If a user triggers an action that results in the element that they were were on being removed from the DOM, then focus management is required. For example, let's say that a user activates a `Save` button successfully, and the section of the page they were on gets replaced by new content. The removal of the `Save` button from the DOM will result in the user's focus getting lost.

Author: ```suggestion
If a user triggers an action that results in the element that they were were on being removed from the DOM (that isn't a result of a page navigation), then focus management is required. For example, let's say that a user activates a `Save` button successfully, and the section of the page they were on gets replaced by new content. The removal of the `Save` button from the DOM will result in the user's focus getting lost.
```
